README.md, before:

# multiplexI2C
Multiplexed 4-wire screw down connectors on I2C with PCA9548A

##  Contents

See the auto-generated menu in the github README display (above right).

## Summary

Kicad project WIP.

The `.png` files are produced from kicad  in the `3D Viewer`  with `File > Export Current View as PNG`.
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C_top1.png)

![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C_top2.png)

![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C_bottom1.png)

( hints from https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/using-files/working-with-non-code-files#3d-file-viewer )

3D  `.wrl` file (opens with Meshlab) but may need file download and then view. Good, full colour. 
Not rendered by github. (The file can be downloaded. Github does not try to render it.)
The file is produced from kicad  with `File > Export ... >  VRML...`
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.wrl)

3D  `.step` file can be loaded by Freecad. 
The file is produced from kicad  with `File > Export ... >  STEP...`
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.step)

3D  `.stl` file  rendered by Github, Meshlab and Freecad. So far only mono-colour is working. 
To render by Meshlab or Freecad may require cloning the whole repository to get the single file.
(At least, I have not found how to download a single file that Github wants to render.)
The file can be produced from kicad by exporting a `.wrl` or `.step` file, 
importing that to Meshlab or Freecad, and then exporting to `.stl`
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.stl)

3D  `.ast` file (ASCII stl) rendered by Github, according to above link, but files  
larger than 10 MB are too big for GitHub to display. 
The `multiplexI2C.ast` is almost 20MB so this format is cannot be used by Github.
It is not rendered by Meshlab.
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.ast)

Commit message:

added TCA footprint to ProjectLib. Minor cleanup and fiddling with README graphics.

README.md, after:

# multiplexI2C
Multiplexed 4-wire screw down connectors on I2C with PCA9548A

##  Contents

See the auto-generated menu in the github README display (above right).

## Summary

Kicad project WIP.

The `.png` files are produced from kicad  in the `3D Viewer`  with `File > Export Current View as PNG`.
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C_top1.png)

![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C_top2.png)

![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C_bottom1.png)

( hints from https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/using-files/working-with-non-code-files#3d-file-viewer )

3D  `.wrl` file opens with Meshlab. Good, full colour. The file needs to be download and then viewed. 
To download go to the file in the Graphics/ directory and click on the file.
Github will try to render this, but fails because it is too large.
Then click on the download raw file icon at the top right. 
The file is produced from kicad  with `File > Export ... >  VRML...`
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.wrl)
![.wrl file](Graphics/multiplexI2C.wrl)

3D  `.step` file can be loaded by Freecad. It can be downloaded as above for `.wrl`.
The file is produced from kicad  with `File > Export ... >  STEP...`
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.step)
![.step file](Graphics/multiplexI2C.step)

3D  `.stl` file can be  rendered by Github, Meshlab and Freecad. So far only mono-colour is working. 
To render by Meshlab or Freecad may requires downloading as above for `.wrl`.
The file can be produced from kicad by exporting a `.wrl` or `.step` file, 
importing that to Meshlab or Freecad, and then exporting to `.stl`
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.stl)
![.stl file](Graphics/multiplexI2C.stl)

3D  `.ast` file (ASCII stl) is rendered by Github, according to above link, but files  
larger than 10 MB are too big for GitHub to display. 
The `multiplexI2C.ast` is almost 20MB so this format cannot be used by Github.
It is not rendered by Meshlab.
![alt text](Graphics/multiplexI2C.ast)
![.ast file](Graphics/multiplexI2C.ast)
